application where we have
agents working for us.
Alert support about issue
number four. While we're
doing this, you can
see another high issue
is gonna come in
here. Our agent is
gonna let us know
that there's a new
alert. So there's another
issue for us to
process. But you can
see here, right, we
have notified our support
team about this issue,
okay? You can imagine
your support has this,
And it's the other
way around, right? Support's
letting the engineering team
know, engineering teams letting
PM know, whatever. You
can literally do anything
under the sun. The
important thing here is
we have two agents
helping us operate a
stream of important information,